---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
The past week was really hectic. I had an essay, 2 homework assignments, and the project for this class all due on Thursday. After classes I would meet with my SWE group to work on the project, then at night I would have to work on my essay or other classwork. Luckily, now that all of that is done with, I finall get some time to rest.  

**What's in your way?**
Nobody in our SWE group really has much experience with front-end work. Phase 1 of the project took a bit longer than we would've liked because we spent a lot of time trying to figure out how make the pages look like what we wanted. 

**What will you do next week?**  
The next week is going to be a lot calmer than the last. I still have homework and projects due on Thursday, but they don't seem as time-consuming as the ones from last week.

**What's my experience of the class?**  
The class is starting to pick up in terms of content. We're now getting into some of the finer details of Python which is pretty interesting.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**  
My pick-of-the-week is Spotify Family. I'm the type of person that likes to listen to music pretty much all the time. I need music playing while getting work done, playing a game, or even when I'm just walking to class. For just $3/month (with 4 other people), you and your friends can get Spotify Family, which includes all the benefits of Spotify Premium for about 1/3 of the price. I'd say that's a pretty good deal. 
