---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
I spent a lot of this past week trying to get ahead with some of my homework. I tend to procrastinate a lot, so with the start of this semester, I'm hoping to change that and get my work done earlier. I'd say that plan's off to a pretty good start; hopefully it'll stay that way throughout the semester.  

**What's in your way?**  
With recruiting season here, I'm feeling a lot of pressure to find a full-time job, especially since my resume is pretty underwhelming. Balancing that with school work might be tough.

**What will you do next week?**  
The career fair is coming up this week, and work for all my classes happen to be due in the same week, so it's going to be a busy week with a lot of pressure. 

**What's my experience of the class?**  
The class so far doesn't seem too bad. Collatz is due this next Thursday and I'm mostly done with it, so I'm not too worried about it. I'm glad the first project was relatively simple because it was a good way for me to ease into Python. The lectures also seem quite informative and well-organized. 

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**  
My tip of the week is to take regular breaks while working. Often times when I work, I get too engrossed in it and find it hard to step away until I'm done. Sometimes this leads to me being less productive when I encounter a problem because I end up staring at the (figurative) wall rather than taking a break and coming back to it with a fresh mind. 
