---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
The past week was slightly tiring because the first assignments for all of my classes happened to be due at the same time, along with career fair also being the same week. 

**What's in your way?**  
Just the usual things - finding a full-time job is going to be a constant concern until it's actually done with. In terms of school though, this next week is surprisingly free since everything was already due last week. 

**What will you do next week?**  
I'll probably (try) to get ahead with some of the work due next next week. I managed to get the first wave of projects/assignments done early, hopefully I can keep the trend going for the second wave too.

**What's my experience of the class?**  
The class is starting to ramp up a little bit. Some of the quizzes are a little saddening because I miss a question due to missing a little detail rather than not knowing the content. Other than that, everything else was pretty much what I expected. 

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**  
My pick-of-the-week is the iPhone X and its "secure new way to unlock" - Face ID. After Touch ID which allowed users to unlock their iPhones with their fingerprint, Apple has moved on to Face ID, which allows users to unlock with... their face. Since the iPhone X isn't actually out yet, it's hard to say how effective it actually is, but the idea itself sounds absurd to me. Imagine someone wants to break into your phone, and all they have to do it point it at you. Regardless, it's kind of cool to see how technology is advancing; from simple flip phones, to touch screens, to biometric authentication using fingerprints and facial recognition.
