---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
The past week was pretty calm since Thanksgiving break is coming up. I had some projects due for some of my other classes that I had to work on, but nothing particularly difficult.

**What's in your way?**  
I still have a project to finish up by Tuesday as well as the next phase of the SWE project coming up. Even though the next phase isn't due until after the break, it would be nice to get some progress on it before the break begins. I imagine nobody really wants to be stuck doing the project over their Thanksgiving break after all. 

**What will you do next week?**  
I'll be going back home on Tuesday, so most of the week is probably just going to be spent with family. It's already been a few months since the last opportunity, so I'm looking forward to this one.

**What's my experience of the class?**  
Now that we've moved away from SQL to refactoring, I found my interest piqued. The content is relatively interesting, though sometimes the proposed changes are a little strange to wrap my head around. 

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**  
My tip of the week comes from my perspective of a senior college student. Branch out and take classes that might normally be out of your comfort zone. For example, I'm taking Social Dance and Difficult Conversations this semester - two classes I didn't know I would like until I actually took them. College classes are a unique opportunity to try things like this, and I would highly recommend trying to branch out with classes before you actually graduate.
