---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
I had 2 exams this past week, and I think they both went pretty well. Phase 2 of the SWE project was also due, and my team cut it pretty close, but luckily we still finished. The project was pretty rough because nobody in my group had experience with GCP/MongoDB/PyMongo, so we had to spend an absurd amount of time trying to figure things out. 

**What's in your way?**  
With how much time we spent on the SWE project last week, I'm starting to fall behind in some of my other classes, so I'm going to have to try and get caught up again as soon as possible.

**What will you do next week?**  
With the end of last week, I can finally take a break from studying for exams until finals. I'll need to take this week to catch up in some of my classes since the project/exams put me behind schedule. 

**What's my experience of the class?**  
The second phase of the project was a bit frustrating, mostly because how difficult it is to diagnose problems/find help for our specific combination of tools (GCP, MongoDB, Pymongo, Flask). As for the lectures recently, they're pretty easy to follow since I have a bit of prior knowledge about SQL. The last week was kind of sad though because I was called on, but couldn't answer the questions because the text on the projector was too small (since Professor Downing had 2 windows up, each taking only half the screen).

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**  
My tip of the week is once again inspired by the project. When given the freedom to select which tools to use, do thorough research before actually picking one; it could save you many hours later down the line. My team decided to use MongoDB because it let us store entire JSONs, but we didn't realize how scarce the documentation for what we wanted to do was. We probably would have had it much easier sticking with something like SQLite, but we didn't realize it until it was too late because we didn't do enough research beforehand.
