---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
The highlight of the past week was the SWE midterm. The exam format felt much better than the Canvas-only coding from when I took OOP. The HackerRank questions weren't necessarily difficult, but the pressure of being in a timed test environment really messed with me. 

**What's in your way?**  
Unfortunately, (or maybe fortunately?) I have another midterm this coming week, then 2 more the week after. While it's nice that they're not all on the same week, it's also kind of annoying having to keep up the 'study->midterm->study' cycle for so many weeks, especially with other projects and homework interspersed. 

**What will you do next week?**  
Next week is going to be an especially busy one. I have two homeworks due on Tuesday, one due on Wednesday, then a project and a midterm on Thursday. Not to mention that midterm is the one I'm most worried about out of all my classes. 

**What's my experience of the class?**  
As mentioned above, the test format was a huge improvement from the one in OOP before. The way assertions were used as test cases was kind of weird, but it was still nice being able to see what the test cases actually were. 

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**  
I suppose my tip-of-the-week was inspired by the exam last week. I realized that during the exam, the pressure made me unable to think clearly even though the questions weren't particularly difficult. There's something about having a timer ticking down in front of you that makes things harder than it should be. If you're like me, the best way to minimize the issue is probably to expose yourself to more situations like that. Being able to perform well under high pressure situations is a valuable skill that will help in many situations, not just exams.  
