---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
As with every other week that a phase of the project was due, this past week was a busy one. My team and I spent a lot of time in the lab working on phase 3. We also found that we have a love-hate relationship with MongoDB. It provides text indexes, making the basic search functionality of phase 3 pretty trivial to implement, but it has no support for retrieving the blurb that the search result matched with. Similarly, MongoDB text indexes don't support regex, so searching 'blood' won't retrieve 'The Bloodthirster' as a search result. So while MongoDB did make some things easy, it also ended up forcing us to do other things in an inefficient or roundabout way. 

**What's in your way?**  
Just some miscellaneous work for my other classes. Since Thanksgiving break is coming up it looks like all my classes are winding down now.

**What will you do next week?**  
I have some homeworks and minor projects due this coming week before the break, so I'll have to work on those. Luckily there's nothing particularly big or time consuming, so I'm looking forward to a relaxing week before Thanksgiving. 

**What's my experience of the class?**  
I've worked a little bit with SQL in Data Management, and thought I had the basics down for the most part. SQL in this class has shown me how wrong I was. Those nested queries just take me way longer than it should to figure out. Hopefully it'll get better with some practice before the next exam. 

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**  
If you're someone who primarily worked on the back-end of the project like me, I suggest checking in with the front-end developers once in a while and keep up to date with what they're working on. After doing the back-end portion of search, I looked at the front-end and realized that I had no idea how to help them or what was even going on since I was too focused on the back-end. While it would be more work to keep up with both parts of development, it's still valuable exposure that could help out in the future. 
