---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
The highlight of the past week was the SWE midterm. The exam format felt much better than the Canvas-only coding from when I took OOP. The HackerRank questions weren't necessarily difficult, but the pressure of being in a timed test environment really messed with me. 

**What's in your way?**
Sadly, (or maybe fortunately?) I have another midterm this coming week, then 2 more the week after. While it's nice that they're not all on the same week, it's also kind of annoying having to keep up the 'study->midterm->study' cycle for so many weeks, especially with other projects and homework interspersed. 

**What will you do next week?**  


**What's my experience of the class?**  
The lectures are pretty interesting. I'm often surprised by how well Professor Downing knows the material along with how proficient he is at taking a step back and explaining things thoroughly. The quizzes have been a little sad though because I keep missing a single question on each one due to minor details I miss. 

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**  
My pick-of-the-week is a handy site that I recently learned about called coderpad.io. Often times when I'm unsure about the peculiarities of a language, I think, "maybe I should write a program to test that", but find it too much of a pain to do so because I'm on a Windows computer. With coderpad.io, I can just quickly throw in a code snippet to run and get the answers to my questions. Technically it wants you to pay to use it, but you can just keep using the demo over and over.
