---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
As expected, this week was a lot more relaxing than the last. I had projects due for Computer Networks and Intro to Security, but they weren't particularly difficult or time-consuming. 

**What's in your way?**
Midterms are approaching, so I'll have to spend some time preparing for those. I'm not quite sure what to expect for the exam in this class though because things have changed since my OOP days. 

**What will you do next week?**  
Most of my time will probably be spent studying for midterms, but I'll also be trying to fit in some interview prep along with it. ACL is also next weekend, but honestly I'm not sure if I'll even have time to go.

**What's my experience of the class?**  
The lectures are pretty interesting. I'm often surprised by how well Professor Downing knows the material along with how proficient he is at taking a step back and explaining things thoroughly. The quizzes have been a little sad though because I keep missing a single question on each one due to minor details I miss. 

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**  
My pick-of-the-week is a handy site that I recently learned about called coderpad.io. Often times when I'm unsure about the peculiarities of a language, I think, "maybe I should write a program to test that", but find it too much of a pain to do so because I'm on a Windows computer. With coderpad.io, I can just quickly throw in a code snippet to run and get the answers to my questions. Technically it wants you to pay to use it, but you can just keep using the demo over and over.
