---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
The highlight of this past week was getting SWE groups worked out. Shortly after forming the group, our top three ideas were taken, 
so that was a little sad. Fortunately, we still managed to get an interesting topic.

**What's in your way?**
Our group is relatively inexperienced with front-end work, so that might be a slight problem moving forward. 
Since the first phase of the project is mostly front-end stuff, we're all just trying to learn and contribute bit by bit.

**What will you do next week?**  
Working on phase 1 of the project is probably going to be the most time-consuming thing. Other than that I also have an essay due Thursday,
so that's also going to take a hefty chunk of my time.

**What's my experience of the class?**  
The lectures are still pretty much what I expected them to be. The project ended up being a bit cooler than I expected since we picked a pretty 
fun topic (League of Legends).

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**  
Since phase 1 of the project is due this coming week, it seems appropriate for my tip-of-the-week to be related to it. Plan things out
before you start working, and start early on things so you have a buffer in case something goes wrong. My team planned out what models
we would use pretty early on, but after we started working, we realized that we wouldn't be able to implement one of our models with the APIs we're using.
Luckily, we started early and could deal with this well in advance rather than the day before the due date. 
