---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

**What did you do this past week?**  
This past week was pretty rough. I spent a solid 3-4 days trying to prepare for my Networks midterm on Thursday, and it still went awfully. The exam was really rough in general; the questions seemed really long for the amount of time we were given. You could see the gloom on everyone's faces as we walked out of that classroom. Other than that, my SWE group also started the next phase of the project and got a decent amount of progress in. 

**What's in your way?**  
This week is yet another busy one. I still have midterms on Monday and Thursday along with the SWE project and other assignments. 

**What will you do next week?**  
Once again I'll be trying to prepare for my exams. Luckily the two I have this week are probably going to be much, much easier than the one last week. Other than that, most of my afternoons are probably going to be spent meeting with my group for the project due Thursday. 

**What's my experience of the class?**  
I suppose the graders were pretty lenient with the HackerRank portion of the exam because I didn't do as badly as I thought, so that was pretty nice. Other than that, the main thing going on with this class is the project. It's a little rough since it's our first time using things like Flask, React, and MongoDB, but we're pulling through so far.

**What's my pick-of-the-week or tip-of-the-week?**  
With all the studying I've been doing, I might as well make my tip-of-the-week studying-related. Study in groups. It's really easy to get distracted or sidetracked when studying on a computer by myself, but when I'm studying in a group environment, it's a lot easier to stay focused. Not only that, but studying with other people can be mutually beneficial for all parties because you can explain things to each other.
